How to install Stella Multi Purpose Magento 2  / Adobe Commerce theme with RTL support?

Before installing the theme, it is necessary to set up Magento 2. Therefore, we have already set up Magento 2. Here are the steps provided in a video guide to install and set up our Stella Magento 2 theme for your Magento 2 store.

Step 1: In your Magento 2 root directory, upload the "Poco_Themes-1.4.2.zip" file.

Step 2: Extract the contents of the zip file into your Magento root directory.

Step 3: Using the command prompt/terminal, navigate to your Magento 2 installation directory.

Next, execute the following commands:

unzip Poco_Themes-1.4.2.zip

This will extract the contents of the zip file and you should now see "app" and "pub" directories listed in your Magento root directory.

Step 4: Proceed to the Terminal section to begin the theme installation process.

Please execute the following commands in the Terminal section to complete the theme installation process:

php82 bin/magento setup:upgrade
php82 bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy -f
php82 bin/magento indexer:reindex
php82 bin/magento cache:clean
php82 bin/magento cache:flush

These commands will upgrade the setup, deploy static content, reindex the data, clean the cache, and flush the cache respectively.

Step 5: Log in to the Admin section of your Magento 2 website.

In the backend, navigate to Poco Themes >> Install Theme Demo Data.

Then, import the static blocks and CMS pages by following the steps provided.

 -Click on "Import CMS Pages". It will create the CMS Pages which are used in the theme.
 
 -Click on "Import Static Blocks". It will create the blocks which are used in the theme.

Step 6: Import the sample data for the theme.

To do this, follow these steps:

Open the command prompt/terminal and navigate to your Magento installation directory.

Execute the following commands:

php82 bin/magento magebees:pocotheme:installsampledata
php82 bin/magento cache:clean
php82 bin/magento cache:flush

The first command will install the theme sample data, while the other two commands will clean and flush the cache.





Step 7: In the "Setup Demo" section, click on the "Import Demo" button to import the demo settings into your store.

After that, clean all the caches of your store by going to System >> Tools >> Cache Management.

Next, go to Poco Themes >> Configuration, and then click on the "Save Config" button.



Step 8: Apply the Poco Themes from the admin panel.

To do this, follow these steps:
In the backend, go to Content >> Design >> Configuration.

Click on "Edit" for the Website, Store, or Store View where you want to apply the theme.

Select "Poco Themes" from the Applied Theme drop down menu, and then click on the "Save Configuration" button.

After that, clean all the caches of your store by going to System >> Tools >> Cache Management, and check the frontend to ensure that the theme has been applied successfully.
